Antique Clockwork Bomb
SteampunkClock.png
A relic of unexploded ordinance from a war in P-
russia in the 1880s. It was re-discovered in the
20th century, and at first not realized that it
was explosive in nature. Then, it was carefully
disassembled by a historian who had a near-let-
hal choke on his BLT when he saw the stick of
dynamite inside. Lost again when the world expl-
oded. Yet still unexploded.

Divine Cheescake
DivineCheesecake.png
The legendary cheescake is said to be the most
delicious of cheesecakes. It's said that the
taste will restore one's youth.

Mjolnir
Mjolnir.png
The legendary hammer wielded by Thor. Only the
worthy can lift Thor's hammer, let alone use
its power. The ship engine's are straining
when you try to attach it...

Cheese
Cheese.png
This cheese was made by the best cheese maker
in the known universe. It WILL take your taste
buds.

Ice Ax
IceAx.png
This Ax was wielded by the frost giants that
were part of the world that Thor was from. Any
attack that was made with this ax would cause
devastating ice attacks that would leave
destruction in its wake. If you wield this ax,
don't aim it any populated areas.

Medallion
Medallion.png
Known as the Aurelian Medallion, its origins
are mysterious. Legend has it was worn by a
mother of many children in an ancient tribe.
Whatever its origins, its significant beauty
continues to draw admirers.

Butterfly
Butterfly.png
Out of the vast multitude of butterflies in th-
is world, this Celtic Cloverwing is one of the
rarest of its elusive kind. It contains
bio-luminsecent proteins in its wings, which h-
ave been said to have been the guide to many a
wandering travler who lost their way in the
wilderness.

Merlin's Grimhold
MerlinsGrimhold.png
Legend has it that this dark tome came into the
possesion of the renowned sorcerer Merlin. It
is rumored that he added all the knowledge that
he gained over the years to this book. It is
also rumored that it led to his disapperance.
Take heed--only those who are worthy may read
and master Merlin's spells. It may cost you
your life.

Angel wings
AngelWings.png
These wings were said to have fallen off the
back of an angel. It is unknown which angel lost
these wings, but some speculate that they
belonged to Lucifer before his fall.

Phoenix Quill
PhoenixQuill.png
The phoenix is one of the most majestic creatu-
res in the mythical realm. This quill is made
from one of the feathers of this majestic bird.

Skeleton Key
SkeletonKey.png
This skeleton key has never been confirmed to
exist. It is said to be able to unlock any door,
no matter the technology or material. Police
reports of its existence could never be confir-
med, because the suspects were unable to be
contained long enough to confirm it.

Dark Knight's Sword
DarkKnightsSword.png
This sword belonged to the legendary Dark
Knight, who fought the light that was corrupting the world.
He banished the light and returned the darkenss
to the world, but he sacrificed himself to do so.
In his place, his sword remaiend as a memento of
his sacrifice.

Eye of the dragon.
EyeOfTheDragon.png
This gem is said to have been ripped from a
dragon's skull, hardening over time through
the centuries. If one stares into the eye of the
dragon, the dragon's roar can be detected.

Wizard of Darkness Staff
WizardOfDarknessStaff.png
There was once a wizard who challenged the
powers of Merlin. He was referred to as the
wizard of darkness, and with his powers he
raised the dead and wreaked havoc on the
multitudes. In the end, Merlin defeated this
wizard, sealing away his staff, and taking his
library into his posession.
